Document deprecated leader annotation (#42054)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

If the number of backend endpoints falls below 1000, the control plane removes this annotation.

> ### control-plane.alpha.kubernetes.io/leader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### control-plane.alpha.kubernetes.io/leader (deprecated) {#control-plane-alpha-kubernetes-io-leader}
```

Type: Annotation

> Example: `control-plane.alpha.kubernetes.io/leader={"holderIdentity":"controller-0","leaseDurationSeconds":15,"acquireTime":"2023-01-19T13:12:57Z","renewTime":"2023-01-19T13:13:54Z","leaderTransitions":1}`

Reviewer: I'm afraid this isn't a valid representation of a YAML snippet. Try copying this from an actual Endpoints manifest.

Author: @sftim  this is not yaml snippet rather it is outcome of kubectl get command corresponding to this annotation

Reviewer: Thing is: all the other labels and annotations have their examples in the format of a YAML snippet. Let's follow that convention.

Author: @sftim  as its got deprecated i am not able to find exact example in any yaml file. 
Can you help me in this?

Author: @sftim  as its got deprecated i am not able to find exact example in any yaml file. 
Can you help me in this?

Reviewer: You don't need to copy this from an actual Endpoints; another way is to make sure you are writing [a fragment of] valid YAML.

Try this:
https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/yaml/

You've got the string value right, but you haven't quoted it, and you've used an `=` where YAML uses a `:`.

Used on: Endpoints

> The {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}} adds this annotation to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}} previously set annotation on
```

> an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object. This annotation provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object. This annotation provided
```

Reviewer 2: @kundan2707 In your next PR, please help mark these conversations as "resolved" by clicking the "Resolve conversation" button below when you agree to the suggests and you have revised the PR accordingly.
Checking conversation resolved helps the reviewers confirm that previous discussions are clean, the current reviewer may switch to different aspects of the PR, and a new reviewer wouldn't need to check the whole history of a PR.

following detail.
- Who is the current leader.

> - The time when the current leadership was acquired:
> - The duration of the lease (of the leadership) in seconds:
> - The time the current lease (the current leadership) should be renewed:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The time when the current leadership was acquired.
- The duration of the lease (of the leadership) in seconds.
- The time the current lease (the current leadership) should be renewed.
```

- The number of leadership transitions that happened in the past.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Kubernetes now uses [Leases](/docs/concepts/architecture/leases/) to
manage leader assignment for the Kubernetes control plane.

```

If the number of backend endpoints falls below 1000, the control plane removes this annotation.

### control-plane.alpha.kubernetes.io/leader (deprecated) {#control-plane-alpha-kubernetes-io-leader}

Type: Annotation

Example: `control-plane.alpha.kubernetes.io/leader={"holderIdentity":"controller-0","leaseDurationSeconds":15,"acquireTime":"2023-01-19T13:12:57Z","renewTime":"2023-01-19T13:13:54Z","leaderTransitions":1}`

Used on: Endpoints

The {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}} previously set annotation on
an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object. This annotation provided

> following detail.

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
the following detail:

```
